[create-content-sdk-app] document auto-generated component maps in agent guides (#523)
Sitecore/content-sdk: packages/create-content-sdk-app/src/templates/nextjs-app-router/AGENTS.md

### Component maps and layout

> - **Server/client components:** `.sitecore/component-map.ts` (Server) and `.sitecore/component-map.client.ts` (Client) — register all Sitecore components. Are auto-generated from `src/components/`. Do not edit manually unless needed.

Reviewer: Could you please update all the similar occurrences?
```suggestion
- **Server/client components:** `.sitecore/component-map.ts` (Server) and `.sitecore/component-map.client.ts` (Client) — Lists every Sitecore component the layout can render, the map is auto-generated from `src/components/`. Do not edit manually unless needed.
```

Author: Done, updated all occurrences.
